.TH "energymon-power-poller" "1" "2017-10-18" "energymon" "EnergyMon Utilities"
.SH "NAME"
.LP
energymon\-power\-poller \- print average power at regular intervals
.SH "SYNPOSIS"
.LP
\fBenergymon\-power\-poller\fP
[\fIOPTION\fP]...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP
Prints the average power at regular intervals.
Uses the default EnergyMon implementation.
.LP
If no additional options are specified, average power is printed to standard
output at the implementation's minimum update interval, and the program loops
until interrupted with \fBCTRL\-C\fP.
Note that using the default interval is not always desirable, as it may be too
fast and cause unnecessary overhead.
Also, computing power at the minimum update interval can result in noisy data.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Prints the help screen.
.TP
\fB\-c\fP, \fB\-\-count\fP=\fIN\fP
Stop after \fIN\fP reads.
.TP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-file\fP=\fIFILE\fP
Write the output to \fIFILE\fP.
.TP
\fB\-i\fP, \fB\-\-interval=\fP\fIUS\fP
The update interval in microseconds.
Must be greater than 0.
Note that if \fIUS\fP is too short for the EnergyMon implementation to get
updated energy readings, the average power will be reported as 0.
.TP
\fB\-s\fP, \fB\-\-summarize\fP
Print out a summary at completion.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
\fBenergymon\-power\-poller\fP
Measure average power at the implementation's update interval.
.TP
\fBenergymon\-power\-poller \-i 5000000 \-f power.log\fP
Measure average power every 5 seconds and write output to \fBpower.log\fP.
.TP
\fBenergymon\-power\-poller \-i 100000 \-c 10\fP
Measure average power every 100 milliseconds and stop after 10 readings.
.TP
\fBenergymon\-power\-poller \-i 50000 \-c 100 -s\fP
Measure average power every 50 milliseconds, stop after 100 readings, and print
a summary.
.SH "BUGS"
.LP
Report bugs upstream at <https://github.com/energymon/energymon>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
energymon\-file\-provider(1)